(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I've had enough of this. You're just going too far.
I knew you'd be like that though.
What are you talking about?
What was your name? Seo Ji An?
Get out of our house now.
- What? - Get out of this house!
How much do you want before you leave?
How much did you expect before you came here?
What... What are you talking about?
You're here for money. I'll pay you that money.
How much will you pay me?
What?
You should've done this earlier.
This is who you really are.
Why act like my brother and make me uncomfortable?
Never mind. It must've been fun to fool me.
Fool you?
Is that how you describe...
my concerns and efforts for you?
I never asked for any of that,
and I said you shouldn't make unnecessary efforts.
You're just incorrigible.
Who do you think you are...
- to say that to me? - The way you address me!
That proves how terrible a person you are.
Do I have to call you brother...
when I can't see you as a brother?.
You used to be the person I hated the most.
What about Mother and Father?
Did you not address them as Mother and Father...
because you deny them?
The person you hated the most is now your brother.
And you decided to join this family...
when you're not even ready to call them your parents.
- About our parents... - You think I blame you...
for joining our family because of money?
Not at all.
I'm not blaming you for that. That's normal.
But why act like a beggar when you want money?
Why would you want it for free?
When did I ask for anything...
at no cost?
I never asked for anything.
Only beggars ask for free stuff.
Do you want it for free or what?
How dare you lie to Mr. Myung...
and make him lie too?
You should've given up when Mother caught you.
How dare you keep lying to her?
Also, how dare you go in and out of the outhouse...
for your hidden things at this hour of the night?
And the 20,000 dollars...
Don't...
worry about our parents. They're my parents too.
I only spent one night here.
I'll handle it myself.
Also, I don't think...
all siblings must be friendly with each other.
Parents and siblings aren't the same.
I learned lying is bad while growing up.
It was a lie Mr. Myung wouldn't suffer from.
And I lied because I had my own reasons.
I'll be more careful from now on.
But you can't kick me out just like that.
You're not my parents.
- That's just too much. - You sure are something.
You have a knack for testing my patience.
And this isn't your first time.
You don't want to address me as your brother?
Then get out.
You gave away my gift like it's nothing?
Get out of this house instead of patronizing us.
I wasn't patronizing you.
Looking down on me means you're looking down on us.
I told you.
We have our own set of rules here.
Do you want to be treated like my brother that much?
No way. From someone like you?
When you bought those gifts for your old family,
did you buy a single gift for our family?
You didn't even think about us, did you?
You got money from Mom.
And you didn't buy a gift for Mom, Dad, or Seo Hyun.
You might not remember or love us.
Well, it's the same with me.
But...
my parents are a different story.
No matter who you are,
to them, you are their daughter.
They were happy and excited to have you back.
So...
don't live in this house...
if you will keep lying to Mom...
and care only to give your old family...
the presents they turned down.
You hated me the most until a few days ago?
So did I. I felt the same.
Fine.
Do as you please.
But unless you follow the rules of our family,
I won't let you slide.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
To them, you are their daughter.
They were happy and excited to have you back.
Why does she have to be my sister?
Who is it?
Ms. No wants you to come down.
Okay.
- Did you call for me... - Take a seat.
This is your schedule. Take a look.
My... My schedule?
(Weekly Lessons Schedule)
You were supposed to start next week.
But things at work have gotten busy.
Go to the gym this morning,
and start from training your body.
After gym, Ms. Yang will be here at 2pm.
At 2pm?
I'm supposed to have lunch with a friend today.
A friend?
Yes, it was promised beforehand.
Is that so?
Then have lunch with your friend,
and come back home by 3pm.
I'll postpone the lesson for an hour.
Okay.
Do you have any other plans?
No.
I'd like you not to make plans for the time being.
You lost 25 years with us.
Don't you want to get them back quickly?
Yes, I understand.
It's bread. This is surprising.
Today, let's have this together.
I'm going to have a cup of milk and head out.
Take a seat.
You need to taste this.
This bread is very delicious.
How delicious could a bread get?
- It's good. - Isn't it?
I'm thinking of selling this at the cafe.
Customers ask for bread or sandwiches time to time.
Okay. You should do that.
Hey.
Where are you going? Why rush so early?
I have plans. I'll catch you later.
Isn't this your first time making a suggestion?
I'll call you.
I'm sorry that this place is too shabby.
Once your identity is made aware,
you'll be going to a gym in a hotel.
Until then, please utilize this establishment.
Well, this gym is good enough for me.
Thank you for coming back.
Oh, okay.
Thank you for welcoming me.
47, 48, 49, 50.
Open your eyes.
Your pelvis is rotated to the right.
And you are leaning forward with your weight.
You're right.
Since your body fat and muscles are below average,
we'll begin with stretching.
Okay.
I'll head back now.
You must come home by 2:30pm.
Don't forget your makeup.
Yes, I'll have lunch with my friend...
and return home in time.
Please put it here.
I'll place another order for next month.
Okay. Take care.
Okay. Thank you.
Mr. Kang, what is that?
This is none of your business.
Isn't that the secret ingredient...
that goes in the water for batter?
So this was it.
Wait, these aren't grains.
- Hey! What are you doing? - Well, I...
I'm sorry. Are you...
Mr. Kang.
You little rascal.
I'm going to fire you.
I'm sorry.
- I won't smell it again. - Goodness.
Oh, my. The cafe owner.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm thinking of selling it at the cafe.
Why don't you take a look at our baked goods then?
You have a variety of baked goods here.
But...
I take it that your boss isn't here?
No, he must've gone to the storage room...
to put away the ingredients.
When you see my boss,
you don't have to mention the delivery.
When you place an order to me,
I can deliver them to you.
Can you do that?
If you can, it'd be great.
Hyuk, where do you want to meet?
In front of my house?
You wanted to meet at noon.
Weren't you heading out from your house?
You didn't have to come all the way to my house.
We can meet at a cafe in the neighborhood.
It's nothing. Just come out already.
I'm at the alley in front of your house.
You're at the alley in front of my house?
This is my sister's phone.
I see.
What's taking her so long?
Hyuk!
Why is she coming from that way?
What's with you?
Why are you waiting in front of my place?
Why did you come from that way?
Where were you? And what are you wearing?
I knew it.
You knew what? What do you mean?
This is 20,000 dollars.
Pay that person back right away with this,
and come work for me to pay me back monthly.
There will be no interest.
Hey, why are you being like this?
Look who's talking. Have you lost your mind?
What kind of mess have you gotten yourself in?
- What do you mean? - You borrowed money?
No one would just lend you 20,000 dollars.
You got it back?
No one would return that money under no condition.
Don't even try to make excuses.
I started working before college to make money...
for my tuition fees, and I even have my business.
I've seen and been through enough to know.
I can't watch you ruin your life like this,
so take this and quit it immediately.
What do you think I've been up to?
You must work at a bar or have a sugar daddy.
Hey, how can you say such a thing?
Should I teach you a lesson?
What would you say if you were me?
I guess I'd think like that too.
But I really don't need this money.
I really got it back,
and I'm not up to anything suspicious like that.
But...
I can't tell you more at the moment.
I mean,
I don't want to tell you.
Why? Why don't you want to tell me?
You have nothing to be ashamed of.
What will you do if you had super-rich parents?
Will you go live with them?
No, I won't.
What if your birth parents are not rich?
What if they are much poorer than your parents?
Would you still leave your parents?
No, I wouldn't.
So you're leaving your parents for money.
If you choose someone for money,
how could you call them your parents?
I just want to tell you about it another time.
Just know that it's not what you're thinking.
- So don't worry and... - I can't take this.
Let's go talk somewhere else.
Where on earth are we going now?
You'll see when we get there.
Do you have feelings for me or what?
Why does that sound like scolding to me?
Just give up if that's what this is about.
We're not right for each other.
Don't overreact.
How can I like you when we met again only recently?
Hey, you're the one who's overreacting.
You're acting so weird right now.
No one can beat you when it comes to...
being nosy about friends' lives.
Why isn't he back yet?
- What is it? - Pardon me?
You smile like that when you have something to say.
You always chuckle like that.
Well...
I have to confess to you.
I told someone we'd sell our bread to her cafe...
without your permission.
You know that bike guy, right?
It's the only way I can see him.
I did it because it's really the only way.
It's where I bought this chair.
Do it.
- Sorry? - Sell them the bread,
and take responsibility.
Take responsibility? What do you mean?
I don't want the owner to come here and complain,
so you deliver it to them.
Really?
The day I see that cafe owner at my store...
It'll be the day I'll get fired.
You're really acting odd today.
Why couldn't you tell me that we were coming here?
And did we have to come all the way here to talk?
There are many cafes nearby.
Go get me coffee. Then I'll tell you why.
- I should buy you coffee? - Hey, I'm a businessman.
I want an Americano.
Two Americanos, please.
You want me to work here?
We're looking for someone anyway.
Work part-time here until you find a job.
So that's why you brought me here.
I can help you if you're okay with small companies.
- You don't like the idea? - If you keep this up,
I'll block your number.
What?
So stop. I don't want to lose a good friend.
If you're really my friend,
give me some time.
Soon,
I'll tell you everything.
I should get going.
Will you really tell me everything soon?
He's not a boyfriend?
She really needs to get ahold of herself.
Oh, right.
I'm in Yeonnam-dong now.
The bakery Ji Soo works at is also in this area.
What?
Taxi!
You just awoke a sleeping lion.
The meeting will start in 30 minutes.
Have fun looking for your phone.
What should I do?
(Revenue and Profit Chart)
(Eun Seok)
The phone is turned off. Please leave a message...
You told me to just show her around and get back,
so I got back right away.
Eun Seok's phone is off.
She's with a friend, so...
Then why is her phone off?
You told her to get back by 2:30pm.
There's still 10 minutes left.
You should still call the fitness club...
and find out when she left.
And call me right away if she comes home.
Honey! Eun Seok's phone is off.
She hasn't come home yet either.
She said she was meeting a friend for lunch,
and she was supposed to be back by 2:30pm.
It's past 3pm now, but she's still not back.
She has a lesson with Ms. Yang at 3pm.
She hasn't even called.
I'm sure she forgot while catching up with friends.
I said, her phone is off!
- Honey. - Eun Seok.
What if she got abducted?
What?
What are you talking about?
Kids these days don't leave their phones off...
for hours like this.
I get that she could have forgotten about it,
but it's past 3pm, and she hasn't even called.
It makes no sense!
Which friend did she say she was meeting?
I didn't ask.
I should've asked her.
Then let's do this, Mr. Park.
The effort needed for the sales goal...
is counterproductive.
We should reach out to domestic companies first.
If that doesn't work, let's try Guangzhou.
And if that fails too, we should forget it.
Okay, understood.
Anything else?
We should select the final proposal...
for Haesung Apparel's anniversary event.
(Dad)
Let's see.
Three of them got the same score.
Yes, please choose one among them.
Why did you...
give all proposals two As...
and ask me to make the call?
- My gosh. - That is true.
"Festival of Flowers".
They'll be arranged by color?
What about people who are allergic to flowers?
"I Love Dogs Festival".
A dog-only zone in the square?
It'll get so chaotic.
"Five Senses Project".
Oh, this one.
It was the best even in the preliminary screening.
Then we'll go with that one.
Sure.
You want to go live with them?
I know that things have been tough,
but do you really want to leave us like this?
Dad...
When you bought those gifts for your old family,
did you buy a single gift for our family?
And you decided to join this family...
when you're not even ready to call them your parents.
You might remember.
We've been living here even before you were born.
We kept your room,
but your mother just renovated it.
Eun Seok.
You borrowed money?
No one would just lend you 20,000 dollars.
But I couldn't turn a blind eye knowing...
this would ruin your life. That's why I came back.
I must return it to you.
You must work at a bar or have a sugar daddy.
It must be a loan shark.
Who else would lend you this kind of money?
I'm not giving this back because it's worthless.
You should've done this earlier.
This is who you really are.
Why act like my brother and make me uncomfortable?
Never mind. It must've been fun to fool me.
Fool you?
Is that how you describe...
my concerns and efforts for you?
Only beggars ask for free stuff.
Do you want it for free or what?
Ms. Choi seems fine.
I'm relieved to hear that, but where has she been?
I'm home.
Eun Seok, did something happen?
Where have you been?
Your lesson was scheduled for 3pm.
But your phone's been off.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
- I lost my phone. - Eun Seok.
Thank goodness you're okay.
Mother.
She just lost her phone.
Even if you lost your phone,
you could've called us.
And what about your lesson?
I was preoccupied with finding my phone.
From my contact list to photos and notes,
it has so many important things,
so I totally forgot about the lesson.
Did you not think about how worried I'd be?
Thinking something might've happened...
made me so anxious and worried.
I thought I might lose you again.
I'm sorry.
From now on, you're not allowed to go out alone.
Mr. Myung must accompany you at all times.
Why aren't you answering?
Okay.
Do Kyung, you're home.
Yes, I got your message telling me to rush home.
I heard you were in a meeting.
We couldn't contact Eun Seok,
so your mom was very worried.
I asked you to rush home just in case.
Mom almost fainted.
Really?
Mom, are you okay?
Do Kyung, spare me a second.
Behave yourself.
And break up with that guy before Mom finds out.
I'm sorry.
I should've been more thoughtful.
And about everything you said yesterday.
- You were right. - I don't care.
Whether you're thoughtless or sly,
it doesn't matter to me.
Just don't break our family rules.
You can ignore me all you want.
One more thing. I don't have a boyfriend.
Gosh, I'm so glad I found this.
In your purse,
you'll find an envelope with a check.
I'm asking you this as an old friend of yours.
Pay that person back,
and live a better life, Ji An.
Hey, Ji Ho!
- Hey. - Gosh.
- What is it? - You're still sleeping?
Did you just get back from the gym?
Hey, will you hang out here on your days off?
You should go out.
Go out, and look around. It's a nice day.
I've been so stressed out because of my family.
I guess it burnt me out.
Gosh, I'm so sick of this.
You must think I'm a nuisance.
Yes.
I always stay at your place on our days off.
Hey, it's not a nuisance,
but it's been months.
Don't you think you should find a place?
What do you say? Don't you have savings?
Gosh, that's my seed money to start a business.
I'm so stressed out too.
I work at the department store and serve too.
Every morning, I have to leave at 8am for my class.
It's exhausting.
My parents think that I'm doing nothing but study.
How can I get my own place?
Tell them that you don't want to waste your time.
Until the college entrance exam or something,
you should rent a room in a gosiwon or something.
Right, gosiwon.
Why haven't I thought of that?
Hallelujah.
Those rooms are pretty nice these days.
On your days off,
you can sleep all day long, right?
Totally. It's a great idea.
Haesung has done its best for the last 40 years.
What was that? Anyway, I need to take a shower.
Can you tidy up, please?
- I'll be right back. - Yes, sir.
Look at that. It's Ji An's parents' company.
Well, let me hear what it's like to live there.
Dear lady.
The number you've dialed is out of service.
I called the right number.
- The number you've... - No way.
Did she change her number?
As soon as she moved there?
She didn't even tell me.
First message.
Dad, it's me, Ji An.
Did you arrive in Daejeon safely?
I'm sorry about earlier.
Earlier, I was...
I was so...
I felt so bad, and I took it out on you.
I don't resent you like that. I really don't.
You've been so good to me and all of us.
You've been such a great dad.
I know all of that,
so I feel horrible about saying I'd live with them,
but it's what I want to do.
It looked like you were trying to stop me.
That's why I got mad at you.
I'll go there...
so that I can get out of my current situation.
Right now,
I just can't hold up any longer.
I don't want to fall apart like this.
I love you, Dad.
And...
stay healthy.
He doesn't call and only listens again.
What are you listening to?
Why are you working already?
It's break time.
I'm going to Seoul today. I need to finish my part.
Don't worry.
Gosh.
I believe we first met. I'm Kim Sung Min.
Likewise. I'm Lee Soo A.
Likewise?
I believe that we first met too.
You are humorous.
By the way, you look young for your age.
That's because I'm immature and reckless.
Maybe I should become immature and reckless...
to look young like you.
I have too many thoughts on my mind.
It is of no use having a lot on your mind.
You reach for the stars, but you'll just grab dirt.
Maybe that's not for you.
I heard you're an accountant.
- We are now much younger. - Okay.
We look forward to serve more youngsters.
We'll be your companion when you are in need.
Mr. Seo.
People aren't receiving flyers.
We do the same thing when we go out for lunch.
- What should we do then? - Don't ask me.
Just make them receive it.
Are you interested in Taoism?
- Not really. - Then...
- how about a cooperative? - Pardon?
We're a young cooperative.
We're here to say hello to young people.
We even have a special offer for young people.
- Okay. - Thank you.
We give warm advice for young people.
It's been only three days,
but we got this contract worth 670,000 dollars.
So how much do we promise?
100 percent in 10 weeks!
You'll get your money back in two and a half months.
Do you think that'd be it?
Do you know how many kinds...
of health-functional foods the foundation...
exports to Vietnam with us?
It's lucky seven.
It's seven!
Once those seven...
health-functional foods are exported to Vietnam,
you won't be able to see your family a lot. Why?
Because you'll have too much money to spend.
Really?
Sir, where are you going?
I'm going home.
It'll end in 10 minutes. You don't want to miss it.
A profit of 100 percent in 10 weeks?
Do you still delude people with that nonsense?
What age do you think we are living in?
We are your warm neighbors.
Who's neighbors? Neighbors of young people. Thanks.
We are now a much younger cooperative. Thank you.
I'm going to open a nail salon.
Can I get a loan at this bank?
Of course.
I'm Seo Ji Tae. Please visit our branch later.
- Gosh. Thank you. - Thank you.
Mr. Seo.
Is this about appearance?
Appearance does give you a competitive edge.
I'll show you how competence...
outdoes appearance.
I'll be somewhere else. See you in 30 minutes.
I'll leave once I'm done.
I'm Seo Ji Tae.
I'm glad to meet you. I'm Lee Soo A.
Are you glad to meet me? We just met.
We might say goodbye like bitter foes as we go home.
I'm sure that will never happen.
That's why I said I was glad to see you.
Hey, Jang Seok Doo.
How could you do this to me?
I don't even need to talk. Forget about investment.
Let's talk in person. I'll be right there.
Maybe this is why he told me to go there alone.
What a jerk.
The wine bar is nearby. I'll leave the car here.
Okay.
If we go to the wine bar after this restaurant,
we're likely to...
Soo A?
Do you know him?
- No. Let's go. - Okay.
Hey, Lee Soo A!
Soo A!
Hey, Mr. Eligible Bachelor,
are you interested in a girl playing double?
If so, you can stay here and watch this.
Soo A.
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
- What are you doing here? - What about you?
You said you were working late.
Are you working overtime in Hongdae?
- Were you spying on me? - What were you doing?
You lied to me to go on a blind date?
And at the coffee shop...
where we first met?
He decided where to meet.
You know it is a popular place for blind dates.
Do you think that's what I'm talking about?
That day,
you said I was snobby...
just because I ordered lobster.
But when I told him to split the check,
he offered to pay for dinner.
Do you call that an excuse for this situation?
You just got caught cheating.
What's wrong about that?
I thought we'd agreed on this.
It's okay to see someone else.
You said you'd be fine with that.
But we didn't break up!
Is that what we had to do?
I thought I could see anyone else anytime.
- Hey. - Let go of me.
- Lee Soo A! - What?
Hey! Hey, Lee Soo A!
You don't deserve to get mad at me.
I want to get married.
But you don't. You said you'd never get married.
Soo A, you also said you'd never get married.
Didn't you know what I really meant?
That's why I went on a blind date.
You scumbag.
When I said I'd go to Canada for a blind date,
you were fine with it.
That's because I knew you wouldn't go.
You don't want to live abroad.
So you stayed here when your parents emigrated.
You told me to just give you a call...
if I liked my date in Canada.
- That's what you said! - I know.
I did.
I just said it because I trusted you.
But I did say that.
So what? Did you go to Canada?
- Are we in Canada now? - What's the difference?
What difference does it make?
You told me to go on a blind date.
You told me to see someone else whenever I wanted.
Why are you making a fuss now?
Is it because I didn't tell you beforehand?
All right. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about that. Are you happy now?
- No, I'm not. - What?
"I don't..."
"love you anymore."
"I don't have feelings for you anymore."
You...
didn't say any of that.
Say it.
Only then will everything be over.
Just break up with me,
and do whatever you want.
- As we promised. - Really...
You don't love me, do you?
That's right. You can't do this to me if you love me.
Say it before you leave.
Your family can't even afford a single room.
But you always try to be a good son.
- I don't like it. - So?
So you don't have feelings for me anymore?
You're a jerk.
Say it before you leave!
- Gosh. - What just happened?
Soo A.
You idiot! You jerk!
What do you want me to say?
What am I supposed to say?
How could you do this to me?
All right.
That's enough.
Go.
Just leave!
You're right. I'll never get married!
I don't want to get married.
I'm the oldest son of a poor family.
I'm hopeless, so I'll never get married.
I just can't...
pass down my poverty to my own children.
So I won't get married.
You, Lee Soo A.
I can't afford an apartment you want.
So I won't get married.
I won't ever!
So...
go.
Tae Soo.
How bad was it that you won't say a word?
It's been an hour.
Let's eat.
He didn't make 670,000 dollars in 3 days,
but he did make a lot.
And they are exporting to Hanoi.
That's why I was interested.
Did he go too far to get investors?
Seok Doo.
When we worked together,
I did better than you, didn't I?
Why are you mentioning those days?
Of course you did better. Much better.
When we left to start our own businesses,
I helped you out a lot.
You sent a lot of your clients to me.
If I hadn't gone bankrupt then,
wouldn't I be doing quite well right now?
You bet.
That's why I suggested we go to Vietnam together.
Back then...
I was too afraid.
You were afraid?
When Min Sang...
disappeared with all the company's money,
I hit rock bottom overnight.
My kids.
I had four kids to feed.
Ji Tae was in university,
Ji An and Ji Soo were in high school,
Ji Ho was in middle school.
Kids their age can and need to eat well.
We fled Seoul to avoid the creditors...
and stayed in Masan and Busan.
I was so afraid.
I was over 50 then, and if...
I started over and failed again,
I was sure my family would starve.
So why do you want to start again now?
You're over 60.
I should've...
tried to start over back then.
I should've taken the plunge.
Mr. Jang.
What has happened to me?
I never rested a day since I got married.
I ran and kept on running.
I am...
the most worthless dad in the world.
Is that bean sprout kimchi ramyeon?
I'll make one more.
I'll eat this then.
That's typically you, little big sis.
I'm your only big sis.
Ji An's gone.
Have you heard from her?
Why would she call me?
Did she change her number on purpose?
I called and her number doesn't exist.
You're eating ramyeon so late?
Mom, has Ji An called you?
Come in.
What are you wearing?
Change into your pajamas.
It's what I wear to bed. It's more comfortable.
You can't go with comfort.
You must stick to formalities.
Nothing comes without effort.
I'll put in some effort.
I'll change after you leave.
Let's sleep together tonight.
What?
Just for tonight.
Okay.
You've had...
a hard time so far.
Never once...
did I forget you.
Mom.
Sleep with me tonight.
You aren't asleep?
Did I wake you?
Sleep with me.
Just for tonight, okay?
Okay.
Ji Soo.
Yes, Mom?
Are you happy?
Yes.
Never once in my life...
was I unhappy until now.
But now, I'm unhappy.
Because Ji An's gone.
Did I...
sleep with her?
Did you sleep...
How did you like sleeping with your mom?
Mom, did you sleep with Eun Seok?
I was so jealous.
Honey, can I sleep with her for a night?
She is your daughter, but she's grown up.
I was just kidding.
It was a joke.
I know.
I like sleeping with Mom.
Eun Seok.
I said you mustn't talk with your mouth full.
Sorry.
Seo Hyun, you can stop pointing things out now.
She'll start her lessons today.
Oh, okay.
Will she be taught...
not to wash her clothes...
in the bathroom?
Did you wash your clothes?
That's what I used to do before.
If you do all that,
why would we hire helpers?
Don't you know what not to do?
I'll be more careful.
Seo Hyun.
You don't have a lecture this morning.
Shall we have some tea?
Sure.
You're a cello major.
What'll you do after you graduate?
I'll go and study at The Juilliard School.
The Juilliard School?
That sounds great.
- Will you be a musician? - No.
After about a year in New York,
I'll meet New World Group's chairman's...
second son who studies at NYU.
We'll meet at a showing of "Cats" or...
"Phantom of the Opera"...
and fall in love like destiny.
What do you mean?
We'll get engaged, I'll get...
a Master's, and then married.
It's all set up.
I'll marry into New World Group.
You don't know the man yet.
You don't know if you'll like him.
I will like him.
I finished my tea.
May I leave now?
What? Oh, sure.
You don't have to be so polite to me.
Speak freely.
Why?
So we can get closer.
Let's become close.
How? We have nothing in common.
I hope you get settled soon.
Does that mean she doesn't want to be close?
- Miss? - Yes?
Your mother says you can use this phone.
Is that so?
Then I'll go and get it registered.
I didn't get to report the other one missing yet.
That one's registered.
Give me your ID, and I'll cancel your phone.
But that means...
my number will change.
I just do as Ms. No says.
Your teacher will be here soon.
You must stay at home.
Okay, then.
(Mom)
Hello?
Mom, it's me, Ji An.
Ji An.
I lost my phone and they got me a new one...
with a new number.
Oh, I see.
Give Dad, Ji Tae, and Ji Ho...
my new number.
I'll call Ji Soo.
Ji An, did you tell them?
To send you abroad?
No, I've only been here a few days.
I'll call again soon. I have to go downstairs.
Okay, bye.
I have a delivery.
Here. It's what you ordered yesterday.
It's 1 of each of the 4 flavors.
I didn't order that many.
Thanks for coming by.
Don't worry.
I like being able to get out and exercise.
It can get stuffy being indoors all day.
Don't ever think of coming by.
Call me at any time.
Thank you.
He has to come by often because of the furniture.
Does he have a regular schedule?
(There's money in the bag. Accept it and be happy.)
There's no reply from Ji An.
Hello, I'm Seo...
I'm Choi Eun Seok.
Hello. You can call me Ms. Yang.
Okay, then, Ms. Yang.
Would you like to sit here?
Okay... Then, Ms. Min.
Could we have some tea?
Tea and snacks are on the dinner table.
Oh, really?
Ms. Yang, would you like to have some tea?
Could you please sit down first?
Sure.
I was told everything about you.
You can speak freely.
Okay.
You don't have to stand and bow deeply to me.
I'm an employee who is being paid.
But still, you're a guest...
and my teacher, so...
I'm not saying to not greet me.
A glance and a slight nod will do.
Oh, okay.
Keep your back straight.
Spread your shoulders and look slightly downward.
Look straight into the other's eyes...
and keep a relaxed expression.
Instead of asking for one's opinion,
take charge and say, "Let's have some tea."
Haesung FNB...
offers various sets for dating couples...
as well as pizzas or pastas for families.
(Sieve 200g of soft flour...)
Mom.
Why are you always out most of the day?
- I had things to do. - Did you eat?
- Yes. - You haven't.
Your eyes are sunken in.
- I'll set the table. - I'm not hungry.
How about noodles with ripe kimchi?
I can make it in 10 minutes.
I said I'm not hungry!
Why do you keep offering when I said no?
Why? Why?
When did you ever cook for me?
Don't act out of character.
Until now we had Ji An.
She used to do everything.
But now she's gone.
Now I'm your only daughter.
So I have to cook for you.
Don't you feel sorry for Ji Soo?
So you steal someone's dream?
That's theft.
What's wrong, Mom? Are you sick?
No.
I'm grateful.
And sorry.
But I really can't eat now.
I already chopped up the kimchi.
Let's make fried rice for breakfast tomorrow.
Okay.
Tomorrow, then.
Ji Soo, eat this.
What's this?
Something you can eat fast since you slept in.
What's the occasion?
You never let us eat bread at home.
It's so good.
Slow down or you'll get sick.
I'm late.
Why are you taking that?
To eat on the way.
See you later.
Why is she so sweet?
Oh, my phone.
To find her parents,
we need a photo of when we found her.
Good.
What a good girl.
You took such a pretty photograph.
Come to me, sweetie.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
She pretended to be okay.
She must be thinking about Ji An.
What a witch.
Mi Jung.
Hey.
What?
Were you crying?
Why are you crying while looking at a picture?
Are you crying because you miss Ji An?
Give it back.
Is this Ji An?
Why is she so red?
Did she have chickenpox?
Even though I rent your house for cheap price,
you still can't just walk in like this.
Look at you.
I know the password because...
I was helping you out when you had a myoma.
But still, it's...
What are you doing here by the way?
I told my husband Ji An's actually...
Haesung Corporation's daughter on the phone.
Then when he came,
he brought this picture with him.
This picture.
How...
How does he have this?
It's from the twin's first birthday party.
My husband brought his camera with him.
That's when he took this.
He said it was in his stuff.
When was it?
When we looked at albums during your housewarming.
You said you lost all your albums when you went...
to Dubai.
I guess he remembered it.
He told me to give it to you, since you...
wouldn't have any pictures of the late Ji An.
But who's dead Ji An and who's Ji Soo...
in this picture?
I remember...
one held the stethoscope on her right hand,
and the other on her left hand,
and refused to let it go,
but I can't tell who's Ji Soo.
Who's left handed?
I have to leave now.
You should go.
Where are you going? It's only morning.
I have to go somewhere. Hurry up.
I'll talk to you later.
Fine. I'll leave.
Bye.
Mom.
You...
left earlier. How...
Why are you...
Mom.
Why did you call her Ji An?
This is me.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
Are you crying? What's wrong?
I'm just so glad to see you.
Are we strangers?
Everyone's a stranger except for yourself.
Ji Soo. I'm so far away.
I think you have something to tell me.
Yes.
I may be Eun Seok in this house,
but I'm still Seo Ji An.
Clean up everything Eun Seok brought.
Don't even miss a thing.
She caused this.
You threw it out? How could you?
You didn't even tell me. It's my stuff.
I thought you were smart,
but I must've been wrong.
I'm sorry, Dad.